Whoo!
Oh, hi, there.
Welcome to "Sesame Street."
Today we're gonna find out
about something round.
Something round?
- Mm-hmm.
Uh, no,
no, Cookie Monster,
it is not cookies.
I meant wheels.
You know, like the wheels
on a bus
that go round and round.
Oh, yeah.
That's so cute, Ernie.
Me little
disappointed.
Oh. Well, don't be.
Stick around
and see more wheels
today on "Sesame Street."
OK.
Kids:
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Sunny day sweeping
the clouds away ♪
♪ On my way to where
the air is sweet ♪
♪ Where the air is sweet ♪
♪ Can you tell
me how to get ♪
♪ How to get
to Sesame Street? ♪
♪ La la la la la
la la la la ♪
♪ How to get to
Sesame Street? ♪
♪ La la la la la la
la la la la ♪
Sesame Street!
Oh, hi.
Welcome to Sesame Street.
Today I'm cleaning
out the storage room
here at the bike shop.
Oh, hi, Oscar.
Yeah, yeah.
Hi. Whatever.
What is this?
Heh.
This junk's amazing.
Well, if you see anything
you like, take it, please.
I'm still trying
to figure out
how I'm gonna get rid
of all this stuff.
Heh heh.
This will fit perfectly
in my collection.
Oh, really?
You collect wheels?
No! Trash!
I'll take it all.
Heh heh heh.
Oh, really?
All of it?
Yeah, yeah.
That's terrific,
Oscar.
Thank you. Gracias.
You're doing me
a big favor.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Don't mention it.
Have it all delivered
to my trash can.
Pronto!
Oh, so you're not
gonna, uh...
OK.
Looks like I'm gonna
need some help.
Better call some movers.
Hello
Yeah, I'm gonna
need something moved
right away.
Did somebody call
for movers?
- That was fast.
- Oh, yes, siree.
Near or far, big or small,
you need three pigs
to move it all.
Oink!
Wow. Well, uh,
this is a big job.
You're probably going
to need all three pigs
for this one.
Oh, yeah. Definitely.
Definitely. Yeah.
That's why all three
of us are here, ready to--
Oh, excuse me.
Hey, piggies!
This is the place!
Sheep: Yahoo!
Whew! Cochinita dos.
Oh, yeah,
that's Pig Number Two.
Uh, where's
Pig Number Three?
- Me here.
- Ah!
Wait a minute.
I count one monster,
one sheep, and one pig,
not three pigs.
Oh, well, Three Pigs Movers
has had a lot of work lately,
and we needed
extra help,
but we were running low
on pigs,
so she won our
Pig For A Day contest...
Cochinita por un dia.
...and I promised
the furry guy a cookie.
- Pig for a day.
- Huh.
Congratulations?
- Oink you.
- Hee hee hee!
OK, well, I'm gonna
need all of this stuff
moved from here
to that garbage can
in front of 123.
Ha ha ha.
Oh, boy, that far.
Whoa, this a big job.
Oh, it's no problem.
The Three Pigs Movers
are ready, willing,
and pigs.
Oink!
Thank you. Gracias.
OK, I'm gonna be doing
some restocking.
Just let me know
if you need anything.
All right.
OK, pigs,
let's move it!
OK! Yahoo!
Yeah, maybe you
should just walk,
Pig Number Two.
Hiya! Oh!
Oh! Oh,
Pig Number Three,
hang on.
Please don't try to lift
that whole pile by yourself.
It OK.
Me using me legs.
Yeah. No, but see,
that pile is too heavy
to move all at once,
but not if you move
one piece at a time,
huh?
Whoa! You some kind
of piggy genius.
Oh, thank you.
OK, everybody pick
just one thing
to carry, all right?
- Si! Si!
- OK. Oh, me got this.
- Me got this one.
Oh, boy,
this heavy.
Pig: Oh, let me help you,
Pig Number Three.
- Oh, yeah. OK.
- Let me get up in there.
Pig:
You got it?
Oh, yeah, me got it.
Pig:
Yeah, I got it. Wait, oh--
Whoa!
This really heavy.
Pig:
Oh, you still got it?
No, me no got it.
You got it?
Pig:
No, I don't got it.
- No one got it.
- Ahh!
Hee hee hee.
I heard a crash.
Is everyone OK?
- Pig: We're professionals.
- Yep. Ohh.
You know,
some of these things
are too heavy to move.
Well, can I show you
how you can move
heavy things by yourself?
Move heavy things
by me self?
Well, that hard
to believe.
Well, see how I can
move all of these heavy boxes
with my hand truck?
It's easy to move,
and that's because
there are wheels
on the bottom. See?
- Pig: Ohh.
- Ohh. Ah-ha.
Me see.
No wonder you trashed
this one.
This one got wheels
on top.
Yes, not bottom.
This defective cart.
Well, hang on.
Let me show you.
I'll help you flip it over.
Ready? One, two, three.
I got it. Ohh.
Whoa. See?
Wheels are round.
They roll.
Wheels are a great tool
for moving heavy things.
Wow, that pretty
slick technology.
Pig:
Oh, hey, and look.
Wheels come in a lot
of different sizes.
Ooh, hey.
And they round
like a cookie.
Om nom nom nom nom!
OK, that not
taste very good,
but you know what?
It not bad, either.
Om nom nom nom nom!
Uh, big lady,
uh, how many wheels does
something need to roll?
Well, it depends.
Different things
have different numbers
of wheels.
Pig:
Oh, really?
Yeah, like a bicycle
has one, two wheels.
- Pig: Oh, do tell.
- Yeah.
A tricycle has one,
two, three wheels.
Oh, so the cart has one,
two, three, four wheels.
Four wheels altogether.
Aw, thanks, lady.
OK, we're ready to roll.
I'm gonna get back
to work.
Oh, boy.
This job will be easy now
that we have wheels to help
move this heavy stuff.
Yes-- Wait a minute.
- Me got brainstorm.
What if we put stuff
in shopping cart?
That make it easy
to move it all at once.
Oh, that's a great idea,
Pig Number Three.
Yeah. Well, you know,
me learn that
when me go shopping
with me mommy.
- Oh, that's nice.
- Yeah.
Hey, I'm waiting
for that junk.
You three want
to quit yapping
and start
with the moving already?
Pig: No problem.
Ok, piggies, you heard
the unkempt green customer.
- Si.
- Let's roll!
- Yes, let's do it.
Pig:
OK, so, let's go...
Sheep:
♪ Na na na na ♪
- Uh-oh.
We got problem.
Oh, esta no tiene ruedas.
Oh, yeah, you're right.
No wheels.
What's going on,
pigs?
Oh, this heavy
thing, it not roll.
Yeah,
it got no wheels.
Oh...
this is a problem.
We got heavy things
without wheels,
and I got all these
wheels here.
What can we do?
Podemos poner las ruedas
en las cosas pesadas.
Put wheels
on the heavy things?
- Mm-hmm.
- Great idea, Pig Number Two.
- Let's do it.
- Hee hee hee.
Ah-ha.
OK, pigs, let's
move 'em out.
Yeah!
Hee hee hee!
♪ Mmm mmm mmm ♪
Oscar:
Ohh, where is it?
If my trash isn't here soon,
I'm gonna get really cranky.
Not that that's a bad thing.
Hee hee hee.
Delivery
for Mr. The Grouch.
Oh, you made it.
Finally.
Yep. Thanks to wheels,
it was easy to move
all this heavy stuff.
Oh, oh.
I've never seen
such a great, big, beautiful
mess of trash on wheels.
It was worth the wait.
Well, near or far,
big or small,
you need three pigs
to move it all.
Pig and Sheep:
Oink!
- Oink.
- Mh-hmm.
- Hee hee hee.
- Good job, pigs for a day.
Oink you.
Can me get cookie now?
Absolutely.
Oh, boy,
Oh, boy.
Cookies
for everybody.
- Let's roll!
- Oh, boy, oh, boy, oh, boy--
Want cookie!
You better drain
the pool, Fluffy.
We're gonna need
to make some room.
Do you know
what time it is?
- ♪ Hold tight, it's time
for the letter of the day ♪
- ♪ That's right ♪
♪ It's time for the letter
of the day, I say ♪
♪ Because the letter
of the day ♪
- ♪ Is on its way, hey ♪
- ♪ Hey ♪
All:
♪ Hey! ♪
♪ It's time to sing ♪
♪ It's time to tweet ♪
♪ It's time
to get up on your feet ♪
♪ And give a cheer ♪
♪ Loud and clear ♪
♪ Because the letter
of the day is here ♪
♪ Hey, hey ♪
♪ It's here ♪
♪ The letter
of the day is here ♪
It's the letter "W"
All: Yay, "W"
♪ Hey, hey ♪
♪ It's here ♪
♪ The letter
of the day is here ♪
♪ Hey, hey ♪
♪ It's here ♪
♪ 'Cause the letter
of the day is here ♪
All: "W"
Boy: ♪ "W" is for wheels
spinning round and round ♪
♪ Spinning around
on the ground ♪
♪ Fast wheels doing
fancy tricks ♪
♪ Slow wheels moving
lots of bricks ♪
♪ Little wheels spinning
under your feet ♪
♪ Big wheels bringing
in lots of wheat ♪
♪ One wheel
on a unicycle ♪
♪ Lots of wheels on a truck ♪
♪ They have to be round ♪
- ♪ Because square ones
would get stuck ♪
♪ "W" is for wheels
spinning round and round ♪
♪ Spinning around
on the ground ♪
♪ Wheels on a wheelchair
winning a race ♪
♪ Wheels help you move
with your suitcase ♪
♪ Wheels moving things
too heavy to lift ♪
♪ So many wheels
on a birthday gift ♪
♪ Some wheels are loud
and make squeaky sounds ♪
♪ And other are quiet
when they spin around ♪
♪ And some wheels fly down
from the sky ♪
♪ And start rolling
when they touch the ground ♪
♪ "W" is for wheels
spinning round and round ♪
♪ Spinning around
on the ground ♪
Boy: "W"
Bert: ♪ Sure, I've got
two little wheels ♪
♪ On the side ♪
♪ But that's why
my bike is one sweet ride ♪
♪ They help keep me up ♪
♪ Help me stay in control ♪
♪ I won't give 'em up ♪
♪ That's just how I roll ♪
♪ That's how I roll ♪
♪ Oh, yeah,
that's how I roll ♪
♪ I've got to have ♪
♪ Each and every wheel ♪
♪ 'Cause that's
how Bert is ♪
♪ Keeping it real ♪
♪ I've got training wheels ♪
♪ And I've got soul ♪
♪ I won't give them up ♪
♪ That's just how I roll ♪
♪ That's how I roll ♪
♪ Oh, yeah,
that's how I roll ♪
Announcer:
He observes.
He questions.
He investigates.
What does this button do?
Aah!
Announcer:
Super Grover 2.0!
He shows up!
In a world covered with ice
and snow, one piece of ice
is about to change these
penguins' lives forever.
All right, penguins.
Dance time!
♪ Waah waah waah
waah waah waah ♪
♪ Waah waah waah waah
waah waah waah waah ♪
- Aah!
What's going on?
This giant block of ice
is right in the middle
of our dance floor!
Waah.
Hmm? What's with
the strange music?
What's with the strange car?
What's with
the strange dude?
I am not just
any strange dude.
I am a super-strange dude,
for I am Super Grover 2.0!
Penguins: Ooh!
What seems
to be the problem?
- Well--
- Wait! Do not tell me,
for I will unleash
my powers of observation!
Ooh.
Um, I cannot
observe a thing
with this giant block
of ice in the way.
The giant ice block
is the problem.
It is?
Yeah. We can't do
our penguin dance routine
because this giant block
of ice is on our dance floor.
Oh. Do not worry, my wee
waddling compadres, for I,
Super Grover 2.0, will unleash
my power of investigation.
What's
he going to do?
I wonder what would happen
if I tickled the ice.
Tickle, tickle, tickle.
Coochy-coochy-coo.
I wonder what
would happen
if you gave it
a push.
- Wait a minute!
I wonder what would happen
if I gave it a push.
That's what I said.
Behold as I investigate
with a push!
Penguins: Ooh!
Eh, it's really
not moving much.
This giant block of ice
appears to be very big
and heavy.
Penguins: Ohh.
Have no fear,
little penguins.
I shall just use
a little more force.
Penguins: Ooh!
Hiyah-- Ooh! Ow.
Penguins: Ohh.
Who knew investigating
could be so painful?
Ouch.
We'll never
dance again.
Penguins: Waah.
I am not giving up yet,
my tuxedoed amigos.
It is time to unleash
the power of technology!
Penguins: Waah?
I'm going to go get
some tools to help me
move the block of ice.
- Hey.
Check out
the Super Grovermobile.
What about it?
It's big and heavy
like the block of ice,
but it moves.
Hey, yeah. Yeah,
but what makes it
move so easily?
Penguins: Wheels!
OK. I am back now.
Super Grover, maybe
you should try wheels.
Nonsense. You cannot hit
a block of ice with wheels
to move it,
but you can hit it
with a sturdy,
metal golf club.
Penguin: What? Oh, boy.
Fore!
Ayy!
Hiyah!
I wonder if we could
move the ice out of the way
if it had wheels.
Well, there's only
one way to find out.
Come on, birds!
Everybody grab a wheel!
Penguins:
Wheel, wheel, wheel.
Ta-da! Rah!
Sis-boom-bah.
Blah, blah, blah.
Penguins:
OK. Come on. You got it?
- I got it.
- OK, here we go.
What are you
penguins doing?
We're using the power
of technology.
Huh?
Oh, yeah. Can we borrow
this technology?
- Thanks.
- Wha--
OK. OK. OK.
All right.
I got it, I got it.
Yep, yep, yep. Ahh.
Aah!
Mm-hmm.
All right, penguins.
Now let's try moving
this block of ice.
Do not be silly.
If a super guy like me
cannot move that block of ice,
there is no way four
little penguins can do it.
Ha!
Wha--
The little penguins
are moving it?
How are you moving
that giant piece of ice?
All:
Wheels!
Now come on,
penguins!
Let's dance! Hit it!
♪ Waah waah waah
waah waah waah ♪
♪ Waah waah waah waah
waah waah waah waah ♪
♪ Waah ♪
Well, my super work
here is done.
I will just drive away
in the Super Grovermobile.
Um.
The Super Grovermobile
is not moving.
Why is the Super Grovermobile
not moving
Announcer: And so our
intrepid hero has discovered
that if wheels can help move
the Super Grovermobile,
they can make it easier
to move other heavy things.
Ow!
Oh, oh.
That is right.
I did learn that, didn't I?
Anybody got any wheels?
♪ It's time to get up ♪
♪ And stomp your feet ♪
♪ To this great, foot-stomping,
Transylvanian beat ♪
♪ Start nice and slow ♪
♪ One, two ♪
♪ Then speed up more ♪
♪ One, two, three, four ♪
♪ Then stomp away ♪
♪ 'Cause we're about
to find out ♪
♪ The number of the day ♪
♪ So, what's the number?
Stomp, stomp ♪
♪ What's the number?
♪ What is the number? ♪
- ♪ The number of the day ♪
- ♪ Uh-huh ♪
♪
♪ The number of the day is... ♪
♪ Four ♪
♪ So, that's the number,
stomp, stomp ♪
♪ Yes, that's the number,
♪ That's the number,
stomp ♪
♪ The number of the day ♪
♪ That's the number,
stomp, stomp ♪
♪ That's the number
of the day ♪
Four!
♪ Now let's stomp
four times ♪
♪ One, two, three, four ♪
Ha ha ha!
Today, I'm riding my bike.
It has four wheels
to help me keep my balance.
Let's count the wheels.
Girls: One, two,
three, four.
Four wheels.
Girl: Hey, I see something else
with four wheels.
Girls:
One, two, three, four.
Four wheels!
Girl: There are four wheels
on his ice cream cart.
Girls: One, two, three, four.
Four wheels.
Girls: Look, four wheels
on that roller coaster car.
One, two,
three, four.
The number four.
♪ La la la la ♪
♪ La la la la
la la la la ♪
♪ Elmo's full of wonder ♪
♪ Wonder what we
will discover ♪
♪ In Elmo's Wonderful World ♪
Ha ha ha! Hi!
Welcome to Elmo's World!
Oh, guess what
Elmo is wondering
about today.
Wait for it...
Wai-ait for it!
Oh, ho ho ho!
Wheels.
Whoa.
Wow.
Oh, Elmo thinks
that wheels are cool,
and wants to learn more
about them.
Hey, let's ask
Elmo's friend, Smartie.
Let's call her together.
Elmo and kids:
Oh, Smartie!
Look! I'm on a roll.
Whee!
- Whoa-ha-ha!
- Hiya, Elmo.
Elmo wants to learn all
about wheels, Smartie.
Well, what do we do
to learn something new?
All:
We look it up!
Searching
for info on wheels.
Here we go.
There's so many
different kinds
of wheels.
There are wheels
that help us to get around
and wheels that help us
to move heavy things.
Wheels come in different sizes.
Some are big
and some are small.
Some things use lots
of wheels--
Four wheels, three wheels,
two wheels,
but sometimes
one wheel is all you need.
Yeah, Smartie.
There's so many
different kinds
of wheels.
There sure are.
Later, Elmo.
Whoa.
Later, Smartie.
Ha ha ha!
Boy, wheels are so great.
Hey, that gives Elmo an idea.
Oh, come on,
let's play a game together.
Yeah. Come on, come on.
Elmo wonders if we could
put all the wheels in order
from biggest to smallest.
Are you ready?
Let's play.
OK, first we need to start
with the biggest wheel.
Which one of these
is the biggest?
Kid: That one,
the cart wheel.
The one made of wood.
The cart wheel?
Let's try it.
Yeah, that's
the biggest wheel.
Oh, and which wheel
comes next?
This one?
Kids: No!
Girl: Not that one.
Ah, ha ha ha,
you're right.
It must be this one.
- Kids: Yeah.
- Boy: The bicycle wheel.
That means the wagon wheel
is the smallest.
Kids: Yeah!
That was "wheel-y" great.
Ha ha ha!
You get it?
Wheel
Boy, that makes Elmo
wonder even more.
Oh, does Mr. Noodle
use wheels?
Oh, let's ask him.
Hey, Mr. Noodle!
Oh! It's Mr. Noodle's sister,
Ms. Noodle.
Kids and Elmo:
Hi, Ms. Noodle!
Oh, Ms. Noodle,
Elmo was wondering,
do you use wheels?
Elmo: You do?
Oh, show us how
you use wheels, Ms. Noodle.
OK, Ms. Noodle's
gonna use wheels
to move her wagon.
Wait a minute, there's
no wheels on your wagon.
What are you gonna do?
Oh, she's got it.
She's got it.
Girl:
Wait, you can't use those.
Elmo:
No, you can't use those.
Wheels have to be round,
remember?
Girl:
Yeah, round wheels.
Those are the right shape.
Elmo: Now Ms. Noodle
can use the wheels
to move her wagon.
Boy:
No, that won't work.
That's not how you use wheels.
Elmo:
Try again, Ms. Noodle.
Kid: She's putting them
on the wagon.
Kid 2:
Yeah, that's right.
Elmo:
That's it, Ms. Noodle.
Yeah!
Kid: She's using the wheels
the right way.
She can pull her wagon.
Elmo:
Great job, Ms. Noodle.
Thank you for showing us
how to use wheels, Ms. Noodle.
Bye-bye.
Boy! Learning new things
makes Elmo so happy,
it makes him want to dance!
Come on!
♪ Happy, happy,
dance, dance ♪
♪ Happy, happy, dance, dance ♪
♪ When we learn
something new ♪
♪ We do the happy
dance, dance ♪
Let's see your
happy dance!
Yeah! Cool!
See you next time!
Keep learning!
Elmo loves you!
♪ Happy, happy
dance, dance ♪
♪ When we learn
something new ♪
♪ We do the happy
dance, dance ♪
Yay!
Oh. Thank you
for visiting Sesame Street.
Me hope you had fun
finding out about wheels,
but now let's find out about...
cookies!
Om nom nom nom nom
nom nom nom nom nom nom nom.
Yep, they pretty delicious.
All right, well, see you
next time. Bye-bye.
♪ Come on
and move your body ♪
♪ And use your mind ♪
♪ 'Cause you know
you are growing ♪
♪ All the time ♪
♪ You're getting smarter ♪
♪ Stronger ♪
♪ Kinder ♪
♪ On Sesame Street ♪
♪ Be kind at home ♪
♪ And when you play ♪
♪ Try some sharing
and caring every day ♪
♪ You're getting smarter ♪
♪ Smarter ♪
♪ Stronger ♪
♪ Kinder ♪
♪ On Sesame Street ♪
- ♪ Smarter ♪
- ♪ Hey, hey ♪
- ♪ Stronger ♪
- ♪ Kinder ♪
- ♪ Hey, hey ♪
♪ On Sesame Street ♪
♪ Yeah! ♪